---
title: IA
description: Information Architecture
navigation: false
lastModified:: 2025-02-25
---

## Description

Notes and decisions on content format and CMS technology

## Content Modeling

### Blog Content

Currently, each STGA blog post is a TypeScript-coded HTML rendering script, wich is very illsuited for blog posts.  Blog authors should not need to use a developer to code and publish each post and modification.  And coders need to escape bad characters.  You can double-quote me on that.

To eliminate hosting costs for the STGA Committee (a small, small community group), blog content should be serverless, and geared for max portability (framework, OS, and vendor-agnostic).  The format must be open-source, stable and well established, and have sufficient documentation, backed by a large dev community.  

Content format should be compatible with free CMS software, apps and service providers.

Managing blog content should be intuitive.  Compatible CMS technology should not require the blogger to learn how the engine works before driving the car.  

At this time, it appears that using Markdown for blog content would suit all rqmts. Out of the gate. Markdown is very easy to learn and visual editors for plain text are as ubuiquitous as cell phones.

The Nuxt framework, including its Content and MCD modules, provide built-in support for embedding Vue.js components in markdown content. Using components in markdown enables developers to privide features beyond basic markdown (like buttons), in a way that is intuitive to code for developers and easy to add for content authors. 

